1. implementation(libs.androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.compose) ... — adding dependencies to build.gradle
2. Log out to the error line to view the build error
3. e: file:///...IssMap.kt:57:24 Assignment type mismatch: actual type is 'Bitmap', but 'Drawable!' was expected. — fix the type mismatch
4. 2 issues were found when checking AAR metadata: ... compileSdk ... — upgrade compileSdk to 37
5. Make it eight DP from the top of the screen — add an 8dp indentation from the top
6. Map running over the data at the top of the screen, do something about it. — the card overlaps the card
7. Now the map opens immediately, make sure that the menu opens first, in which there are several items: the first item is the map, the second item is the exit. — add a menu screen
8. Add translations to Russian English German Spanish French Italian — add localization in 6 languages
9. Now add a toolbar to the application and a back button in the toolbar — add a TopAppBar with a Back button
10. e: file:///...IssScreen.kt:8:34 Unresolved reference 'icons'. — fix the missing material-icons dependency
11. There are parameters on the map screen at the top of the screen, they flicker and overlap with the map, make sure to fix the flickering of the card.
12. Strangely, it's better, now not the whole part is overlapping, but anyway, do something about it - ClipToBounds for the map
13. everything is fine, it was something to confirm
14. now make an adequate splash Screen, place the ISS image on it — create a splash screen
15. place the same image in the center of the menu - add the ISS image to the center of the menu
16. The map screen should not be red. As it is now, but a full—fledged small-size ISS picture is to replace the marker with the ISS icon.
18JUL
1. "добавь в этот проект моё местоположение, чтобы оно отображалось человечком"
   → "Add my location to this project, so it's displayed as a person icon"
2. "добавь на карту кнопочку, круглую кнопочку, на ней будет отображаться иконка геопозиции, по нажатию на кнопки ты должен переводить меня на местоположение в котором я сейчас нахожусь"
   → "Add a round button to the map with a geolocation icon. When pressed, it should navigate to my current location"
3. "добавь на карту основные достопримечательности планеты Земля"
   → "Add major Earth landmarks/attractions to the map"
4. "на карту добавь кнопки отдалить и приблизить и чтобы они работали"
   → "Add zoom in and zoom out buttons to the map, and make them work"
5. "сделай так, чтобы карта была в единственном числе, просто сейчас, если сильно удаляешь карту, то показывается три карты а не одна. Сделай что-нибудь с этим"
   → "Make it so there's only one map. Right now, when you zoom out too far, three maps show instead of one. Fix this"
6. "сейчас всё равно если сильно отдалить, то Инна не одну карту а три, сделай что-нибудь с этим"
   → "Still the same - when zooming out, there are three maps not one. Fix this"
7. "теперь видно всегда две карты, хочу сделать чтобы была одна карта на экране"
   → "Now there are always two maps visible. I want only one map on the screen"
8. "сейчас Cortana, но она не двигается. Сделай что-нибудь с этим."
   → "Currently showing Cortana, but it's not moving. Fix this"
Session ses_125736b1bffekBqnGIB45UOJGm (June 18, 2026)
9. "пожалуйста, добавь кнопку, которая будет переносить позицию карты на международную космическую станцию"
   → "Please add a button that will move the map position to the International Space Station"
10. "Пожалуйста на главный экран добавь пункт меню настройки, которые бы открывал настройки приложения, в настройках можно выбрать цвет международный космической станции и цвет пути международной космической станции."
    → "Please add a settings menu item to the main screen that opens app settings. In settings, allow choosing the color of the ISS and the color of the ISS path"
11. "теперь добавь кнопку очистки сохранённых параметров геопозиции пройдённые станции в настройке"
    → "Now add a button to clear saved geolocation parameters and passed stations in settings"
Current Session ses_124d07267ffeVdmC4q4GcorQck (June 18, 2026)
12. "Выдай мне все промпты которые были и переведи их на английский язык"
    → "Give me all the prompts that have been and translate them to English"